Generate and host SwaggerUI for the generated OpenAPI specification for an HTTP service as a built-in resource (#2039)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http: docs/spec/spec.md

| HEAD              | Retrieve headers                                              | 200 OK                  |
| OPTIONS           | Retrieve permitted communication options                      | 200 OK                  |

> #### 2.3.6. OAS resources

Reviewer: Can we use the full version in the title: 'OpenAPI specification resources'?

Author: Fixed with [1f5b0b7d0d79e46f4c85d64f44758c8039d890eb](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http/pull/2039/commits/1f5b0b7d0d79e46f4c85d64f44758c8039d890eb)

OAS resources are internally generated for each service and host the generated OpenAPI specification for the service in 
different formats. In order to access these resources user can send an OPTIONS request either to one of the resources or 
the service base-path. The link header in the 204 response specifies the location for the OAS resources.

Sample service
```ballerina
import ballerina/http;
import ballerina/openapi;

@openapi:ServiceInfo {
    embed: true
}
service /hello on new http:Listener(9090) {
    resource function get greeting() returns string {
        return "Hello world";
    }
}
```

> Output of OPTIONS call to service base path

Reviewer: I think one of the example should be enough. I prefer the one with only basepath

Author: Fixed with [1f5b0b7d0d79e46f4c85d64f44758c8039d890eb](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http/pull/2039/commits/1f5b0b7d0d79e46f4c85d64f44758c8039d890eb)

```ballerina
curl -v localhost:9090/hello -X OPTIONS 
*   Trying ::1...
* TCP_NODELAY set
* Connected to localhost (::1) port 9090 (#0)
> OPTIONS /hello HTTP/1.1
> Host: localhost:9090
> User-Agent: curl/7.64.1
> Accept: */*
> 
< HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
< allow: GET, OPTIONS
< link: </hello/openapi-doc-dygixywsw>;rel="service-desc", </hello/swagger-ui-dygixywsw>;rel="swagger-ui"

> < server: ballerina/2.0.0-beta.2.1

Reviewer: I think the outputs need to be updated. May be we can do it in a separate PR.

Author: Fixed with [1f5b0b7d0d79e46f4c85d64f44758c8039d890eb](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http/pull/2039/commits/1f5b0b7d0d79e46f4c85d64f44758c8039d890eb)

> 
< HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
< allow: GET, OPTIONS
< link: </hello/openapi-doc-dygixywsw>;rel="service-desc", </hello/swagger-ui-dygixywsw>;rel="swagger-ui"
< server: ballerina/2.0.0-beta.2.1
< date: Wed, 18 Aug 2021 14:09:40 +0530
< 
```

##### 2.3.6.1. Introspection resource

The introspection resource is one of the generated OAS resources, and it hosts the OpenAPI specification for the service 

> in JSON format. The user can send a GET request to the link header value which has a `rel` attribute set to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in JSON format. The user can send a GET request to the resource path specified in the link header with the relation 
```

Author: Fixed with [1f5b0b7d0d79e46f4c85d64f44758c8039d890eb](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http/pull/2039/commits/1f5b0b7d0d79e46f4c85d64f44758c8039d890eb)

}
```

##### 2.3.6.2. SwaggerUI resource

The swagger-ui resource is one of the generated OAS resources, and it hosts the OpenAPI specification for the service in 

> HTML format. The user can view it in a web browser by accessing the link provided in the HTTP link header, which has a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTML format. The user can view it in a web browser by accessing the URL specified in the HTTP link header, which has a 
```

Author: Fixed with [1f5b0b7d0d79e46f4c85d64f44758c8039d890eb](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http/pull/2039/commits/1f5b0b7d0d79e46f4c85d64f44758c8039d890eb)
